U.S President Joe Biden joined the
picket line with striking Auto Workers
outside a General Motors plant near
Detroit Tuesday and backed their demand
for a 40 percent pay increase you guys
the UAW you saved the automobile
industry back in 2008 and before made a
lot of sacrifices gave up a lot and the
companies were in trouble but now
they're doing incredibly well and guess
what you should be doing incredibly well
too flanked by Secret Service agents
Biden exchanged fist bumps and took
selfies with the crowd after he spoke
UAW workers this month began targeted
strikes against GM Ford and Chrysler
parent stalantis seeking wage increases
to match CEO pay jumps shorter work
weeks and job security as the industry
moves toward electric vehicles Biden's
appearance Here Comes one day before his
leading Challenger former president
Donald Trump is scheduled to address
workers at a nearby my auto parts
supplier Republicans believe Biden's
push to Electrify America's vehicle
Fleet by pumping billions of dollars of
tax rebates into EV manufacturing is
unpopular with Auto Workers in a
statement on Tuesday Trump accused Biden
of stabbing Auto Workers in the back
claiming Biden's EV mandate will
annihilate the U.S Auto industry and
cost thousands of Auto Workers their
jobs Biden though was joined on his
visit by the head of the United Auto
Workers Union Sean Fain and so today I
just want to take a moment
and say thank you to the president the
appreciation only goes so far in UAW has
declined to support either 2024
presidential candidate making it the
only Union not to back by both
candidates are expected to sharpen their
2024 campaign message in Michigan a
state which helped Propel Trump to the
White House in 2016 and then helped
Biden win in 2020 Union voters are seen
as key to Victory here while only about
10 percent of U.S workers were union
members in 2022 they have outsized
political influence because the states
where they are strong like Michigan
often swing from voting Democratic to
Republican and their Grassroots networks
are powerful influences on the working
class vote
foreign




made a lot of sacrifices gave up a lot
and the companies were in trouble but
now they're doing incredibly well and
guess what you should be doing
incredibly well too


because you deserve this the significant
raise you need in other benefits



we do the heavy lifting we do the real
work


and though we don't know it that's what
power is we have the power
the world is of our making the economy
is of our making
this industry is of our making
and as we've shown when we withhold our
labor we can unmake it let's try to
justify a system where they take all the
profit and the workers are left to fight
for the scraps they live paycheck to
paycheck

foreign
